# # CreateDeepNewsRequest

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**messages** | [**\AskNews\Model\CreateDeepNewsRequestMessage[]**](CreateDeepNewsRequestMessage.md) | The messages to send to DeepNews. Each message should have &#39;role&#39; and &#39;content&#39; keys. Use this to specify what research/monitoring task DeepNews should perform. The &#39;content&#39; for the final &#39;user&#39; message should be your Alert query. |
**model** | [**\AskNews\Model\CreateDeepNewsRequestModel**](CreateDeepNewsRequestModel.md) |  | [optional]
**filter_params** | [**\AskNews\Model\FilterParams1**](FilterParams1.md) |  | [optional]
**search_depth** | **int** | The search depth for deep research. Higher values mean more thorough research. | [optional] [default to 2]
**max_depth** | **int** | The maximum research depth allowed. | [optional] [default to 6]
**sources** | [**\AskNews\Model\Sources1**](Sources1.md) |  | [optional]
**inline_citations** | **string** | How to format inline citations in the response. Defaults to: markdown_link. Available options: markdown_link, numbered, none | [optional] [default to 'markdown_link']
**start_citation_number** | **int** | Starting number for inline citations. Offsets fetched source citation keys. Useful if you are providing the agent outside sources with numbered citation keys. | [optional] [default to 1]
**return_sources** | **bool** | Whether return a list of sources used by the agent. | [optional] [default to true]
**only_cited_sources** | **bool** | Whether to return only of sources that are cited/referenced in the generated response content. | [optional] [default to true]
**append_references** | **bool** | Whether to append a &#39;Cited Articles&#39; section at the end of the response. | [optional] [default to true]
**journalist_mode** | **bool** | Whether to use journalist mode for more factual reporting. | [optional] [default to true]
**conversational_awareness** | **bool** | Whether to use conversational awareness. | [optional] [default to true]
**include_entities** | **bool** | Whether to provide extracted entities to the agent. | [optional] [default to true]
**include_graphs** | **bool** | Whether to provide knowledge graphs to the agent | [optional] [default to false]
**include_coordinates** | **bool** | Whether to provide geo coordinates to the agent. | [optional] [default to false]
**asknews_watermark** | **bool** | Append &#39;Generated by AskNews AI&#39; watermark | [optional] [default to true]
**stream** | **bool** | Whether to stream the response as server-sent events. | [optional] [default to false]
**stop** | [**\AskNews\Model\Stop1**](Stop1.md) |  | [optional]
**temperature** | **float** | The temperature of the DeepNews agent model. Controls randomness in the output. Higher values (e.g., 1.0) make output more random, lower values (e.g., 0.1) make it more deterministic. | [optional] [default to 0.9]
**top_p** | **float** | Nucleus sampling parameter. Only tokens with cumulative probability up to top_p are considered. | [optional] [default to 1.0]
**n** | **int** | Number of completions to generate. | [optional] [default to 1]
**max_tokens** | **int** | Maximum number of tokens to generate in the response. | [optional] [default to 9999]
**presence_penalty** | **int** | Penalizes new tokens based on whether they appear in the text so far, encouraging new topics. | [optional] [default to 0]
**frequency_penalty** | **int** | Penalizes new tokens based on their frequency in the text so far, reducing repetition. | [optional] [default to 0]
**user** | [**\AskNews\Model\User1**](User1.md) |  | [optional]
**thread_id** | [**\AskNews\Model\ThreadId1**](ThreadId1.md) |  | [optional]
**max_parallel_tool_calls** | **int** | Maximum number of parallel tool calls (e.g., searches) the agent can make during generation. Higher values may speed up responses, but may reduce on-the-fly adaptivity. | [optional] [default to 1]
**engine** | **string** |  | [optional] [default to 'v1']

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)
